---
layout: default
title: Dictionary
permalink: /dictionary
---

# Blip Dictionary

This Blip Dictionary contains certain definitions for the capitalized terms used in the Blip Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this Blip Dictionary is intended to be a helpful reference, but in the event of any conflict between the definitions contained in this Blip Dictionary and those found in the Blip Terms, the definitions contained in the Blip Terms shall govern.

### Account

A Blip Account, which a User must create in order to access certain elements and functionality of the Services.

### Additional Terms

Any set of terms and conditions—other than the User Terms, Creator Terms, Roblox Community Standards, Blip Privacy & Cookie Policy, and regional Supplemental Provisions—that applies to a User’s or Creator’s use of the Services.

### Affiliated Parties

Blip, together with Blip's officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, investors, business partners, subsidiaries and agents.

### Ancillary Use

A right granted by a Creator to Blip that allows Blip to market and advertise the Services or Blip using a Creator’s UGC.

### App

The Blip mobile application.

### Appeal

The process by which a User may request a review of Blip’s decision to (i) suspend or terminate a User’s Account or access to the Services or (ii) remove UGC or other Virtual Content pursuant to a User’s violation of the Blip Terms.

### Arbitration Agreement

A mandatory provision within the User Terms, applicable only to Users of the Services who reside in the U.S., that requires Disputes not resolved through MIDR to be resolved through binding, individual arbitration and waives the right to a jury trial and any class action or class arbitration, as set forth in Section 11(b) of the User Terms.

### Classic Avatar

Certain avatar models created and owned by Blip that Blip makes available to Creators for use solely on the Services, as set forth in Section 2(b)(iv) of the Creator Terms. See also Modified Classic Avatar.

### Creator Terms

Terms of Use applicable to all Users who access the Services. They cover items such as the use of Blip Editors, the offering of Worlds and Virtual Content, and the use of music on the Services.

### Creator

Any User who creates, uploads, publishes, generates, or otherwise makes available UGC on the Services. Creators include but are not limited to Voxel Artists and Developers.

### Blip IP

Intellectual Property, including without limitation the interfaces, graphics (including without limitation Blip Classic Avatars and Modified Classic Avatars, as defined in Section 2 of the Creator Terms), trademarks, design, information, artwork, data, code, products, software, and all other elements of the Services, including the rights therein and any derivatives thereof, all of which is owned exclusively by Blip.

### Blip Premium

A renewing subscription that provides Users with certain additional benefits on the Services.

### Blip Editors

Free software tools that allows Creators to create, develop, modify, operate, and publish 3D Experiences, Virtual Content, and other UGC on the Services.

### Blip Terms

The terms and conditions that apply to and govern a User’s and Creator’s use of the Services. The Blip Terms include the User Terms, Creator Terms, Roblox Community Standards, Roblox Privacy & Cookie Policy, and regional Supplemental Provisions and other Additional Terms.

### Blip Trademark License

A non-exclusive, personal, limited, revocable, non-transferable license granted to Creators by Blip to use Blip trademarks, whether registered or unregistered, solely for use in connection with the creation of Virtual Content or within Creator’s World(s) on the Services, as set forth in Section 2(b)(vi) of the Creator Terms.

### Developer

A Creator who creates, develops, and Publishes World and module scripts on Blip.

### Dispute

Any dispute, claim, or controversy arising under or relating in any way to the Blip Terms, whether based in contract, tort, or any other legal or equitable basis.

### Earned Blux

Blux generated by a Creator or Developer through the direct sale or other monetization (e.g., EBP) of Virtual Content or other UGC that they create (either alone or with a Group) on the Services, in compliance with the Blip Terms and any applicable Additional Terms.

### EBP

Stands for “Engagement Based Payouts;” also known as “Premium Payouts.” A means by which a Creator can generate Earned Blux based on the amount of time that Premium members spend in their Experience.

### FAA

Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) that governs the terms of the Arbitration Agreement.

### FedArb

A nationwide alternative dispute resolution firm that administers all arbitration proceedings under Blip’s MIDR process, as set forth in Section 11(b) of the User Terms.

### Group

For purposes of the Blip Terms, a "Group" exists where Creators have joined together and, via a single email address, registered on the Services as a single unit for the purpose of releasing a World or other Virtual Content through the Services. Groups may also be used to connect socially.

### Guardian

A parent or legal guardian of a Minor User.

### In-World Items

UGC available for acquisition by Users within a given World that can only be used within that World. In-World Items include but are not limited to game passes and special abilities.

### Licensed Music

Sound recordings and musical works (including sound effects) that Blip, through a third-party license, may make available to Creators and Developers for use solely on the Services within Worlds or other UGC.

### Marketplace

The Services marketplace through which Users may acquire Virtual Content.

### MIDR

Stands for “Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution”. The process by which all User Disputes with Blip will be governed and resolved, as set forth in Section 11 of the User Terms.

### Minor

A User of the Services who is under the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence.

### Modified Classic Avatar

A Classic Avatar that has been altered, customized, and modified by a Creator pursuant to the terms as set forth in Section 2(b)(iv) of the Creator Terms.

### Musical Works

A piece of music written or otherwise owned by a Creator (and/or others with whom Creator has collaborated).

### Other Content License

The non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non-transferable license granted by Blip to Creators in connection with their use of Other Blip Content in connection with a Creator’s UGC and solely on the Services, as set forth in Section 2(a)(v) of the Creator Terms.

### Other Blip Content

Any content, other than Classic Avatars or Modified Classic Avatars, that Blip creates, develops, and otherwise makes available to Creators on the Services.

### Owner

The individual or entity selected by a Group to (i) represent the Group on the Services, (ii) control the email address used to register the Group, and (iii) act on behalf of the Group on the Services.

### Blux

The official currency of Blip, which can be used to acquire Virtual Content or access to Worlds on the Services. Blux are not a substitute for real currency, do not earn interest, and have no equivalent value in real currency.

### Blux Allocation

Share of Blux generated from the sale of Virtual Content to which a Creator, Seller, and Platform may be entitled. This allocation is determined by Blip in its sole discretion and can be amended at any time.

### PRO

Stands for “Performing Rights Organization.” An organization that represents certain Musical Works and provides intermediary functions, particularly collection of royalties, between copyright holders and parties who wish to use copyrighted works publicly.

### Privacy Policy

The policy that outlines the types of information that Blip collects about Users of the Services, how Blip protects that information, and how that information may be used by Blip. The Privacy Policy forms part of the User Terms.

### Publish

The means by which a User or Creator creates, uploads, submits, publishes, displays, generates, transmits, or otherwise makes available UGC on the Services.

### Random Virtual Item

A Virtual Item available in an Experience that may be acquired “randomly” by a User.

### Resale

The process by which a Blip Premium member may resell certain Blip-created Virtual Content on the Services and through the Avatar Shop.

### Services

Any service or application offered by Blip, such as those allowing Users to develop Virtual Content, connect with others, and use Virtual Content created by you and other Users. It includes websites on the cu.bzh domain, our Blip mobile apps, the Blip Player, the Blip Editors, and our other websites, products, software, applications, content, data feeds, and other services.

### Template

A tool made available to Creators by Blip (generally via Blip Editors) that serves as a starting point for Creators to create UGC. Templates are owned by Blip and licensed to Creators for use on the Services.

### Third-Party Services

Any content, tools, or other materials created and owned by people or companies other than Blip that is included as part of, or made available on, the Services. Blip neither controls nor takes responsibility for any Third-Party Services.

### Trade

The process by which Blip Premium members may exchange certain Virtual Content on the Services with other Users.

### UGC

Stands for “User Generated Content.” UGC is content of any kind or nature, whether material, assets, or otherwise, that Users (including but not limited to Creators) upload to, create and publish on, or otherwise generate through or make available on the Services.

### UGC License

The perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license that Users and Creators grant to Blip to use their UGC, as set forth in Section 6(b) of the User Terms and Section 2(b)(ii) of the Creator Terms.

### UGC Subscription

A renewing subscription offered by a Creator that provides Users with certain additional benefits. UGC Subscriptions may only be purchased using fiat currency (real world money).

### UGC with Licensed Music

UGC (including Worlds) into which Licensed Music has been synchronized.

### User

Any person or entity who uses or accesses the Services.

### User PII

The personally identifiable information of a User.

### User Terms

Terms applicable to all Users which provide an overview and the associated rules for things like (i) account creation, (ii) using Blux to make purchases, (iii) trading Virtual Items, and (iv) activities prohibited on the Platform. The User Terms also cover some of the more technical legal terms that govern use of the Services, including intellectual property ownership, online safety, disclaimers and other very important legal terms.

### Virtual Content

All UGC and Blip created content – including all Virtual Items and In-World Items – available for acquisition by Users on the Services. Virtual Content has no real world equivalent value and Users do not acquire any enforceable legal rights in and to any Virtual Content based on any transaction on the Services.

### Virtual Items

Any UGC or Blip created content such as clothing or digital items for use in connection with a User’s avatar available for acquisition on the Services.

### World

Interactive content Published on the Services by Creators for the engagement and enjoyment of Users







